[SCENE START]
INT. REPLATE HQ - DAY
The office is busy. MAYA is at her desk, looking at a survey report on her monitor with a mixed expression. LIAM rolls his chair over.

LIAM How’d the merger survey come back?

MAYA (Looks up, smiling) Honestly, fantastic. Almost all the 'Community Crate' users are active. They love the new app, especially the wider range of venues and communities. The migration was a huge success.

LIAM That's great to hear. All that work on the consent flow paid off.

MAYA (Her smile fades. She turns back to the monitor) It did. But... the survey also confirmed a different, much bigger problem. Our donations.

LIAM What about them?

MAYA Prior to going global, our average donation was close to ten dollars per month, per member. Since launching internationally, our user numbers have tripled, but the average donation has dropped to below one dollar.

Liam’s expression sobers. He leans in.

LIAM One dollar? That’s… that’s not sustainable. Why? What are we doing wrong?

MAYA I did some analysis on the free-text answers and spoke to a consultant. One question was aimed at measuring user trust... and it's trending south. Fast.

LIAM Trust? But the app works, we’re secure...

MAYA The consultant believes one of the less obvious reasons is our domain name: replate.dev. We operate from that single domain, globally. She believes it’s not something people see and trust on a daily basis, especially with their financial information.

LIAM You're kidding.

MAYA I'm serious. She says people in each country are conditioned to trust their own top-level domains. In Australia, people trust .com.au. In New Zealand, .co.nz. In the UK, .co.uk. Our .dev domain feels... sketchy. Liam, do you think that's something we can fix?

LIAM Of course. We can register all those local domains and point them to our website. That’s the easy part.

He pauses, thinking.

LIAM The only domain we don't host, but is critical for trust, is our login domain. id.replate.dev. That's all served by Auth0.

MAYA (Looks concerned) But do you think Auth0 even supports that? I remember when we were first starting, I found a bunch of community posts saying that was a major shortcoming. One tenant, one domain.

LIAM (A small smile) Not anymore. That was then. Auth0 now supports Multiple Custom Domains. MCD.

MAYA Meaning?

LIAM Meaning we can register login.replate.com.au and login.replate.co.uk, and they all point to the exact same tenant. We don't have to migrate a single user. It just works.

Maya lets out a long breath she was clearly holding.

MAYA Okay. That’s a relief. Let's try the MCD feature. Let's get those local domains live and see if we can regain that trust. We need the donations to go up, otherwise this business is at risk.

LIAM (Nodding, already turning back to his keyboard) I'm on it.
[SCENE END]

